h1 Creating a new team

h2 Check the teams list

On the teams list check if your team has already been added. If you're already part of a team then you can edit your team's profile.

If you haven't been added to your team, yet, then ask one of the members to sign in and add you. They will need your GitHub handle for that.

h2 Add a team

h2 Add team members

h2 Add resources

If your team has a GitHub organization (you might want one and they're free for Open Source) then please add the handle. If your team has a Twitter account, then please add it, too.
Note: you can only add these once your team has officially been accepted as a RGSoC team.

h1 Editing an existing team

h1 Deleting a team



p



  On the teams list check if your team has already been added. If you're already part of a team you will also see it it your profile.
  = image_tag(("pages/application_teams.png"), class: "help-image")

  If your team hasn't been created yet, you can add it yourself.
  Note: In order to create a team, you must be logged in the Teams App (see "How to create an account").

  Click on "New team" in order to create one.

  = image_tag(("pages/application_new_team.png"), class: "help-image")


h3 Your team's sources




  then you can edit your team's profile.


  h2 Editing a team

  h2 Adding a new team member

  A team must have two students and at least two coaches.
  You can add a team member in one of two ways:

  1. On the team's page press the 'Edit' button. On the 'Editing team' form press the 'Add another member button' and fill out the required fields.


  h2 Confirming coached

  h2 Adding team's sources

p
  ' Your team can register "sources" from which this application will try to aggregate updates; please add any blog that is relevant for your team by registering its RSS or Atom feed URLs.

p
  ' Please also add all the GitHub repository URLs that you are planning to work on as sources.  Currently this won't actually do anything yet, but we plan to aggregate information from there, too.



  h2 Deleting a team
